Add tip about minimum required Deployment permissions to run astro deploy (#3844)
astronomer/docs: astro/set-up-ci-cd.md

- Automate promoting code across development and production environments on Astro when pull requests to certain branches are merged.
- Enforce automated testing, which increases code quality and allows your team to respond quickly in case of an error or a failure.

:::tip

> When using a Deployment API token in combination with a [custom Deployment role](customize-deployment-roles.md) to run `astro deploy`, the minimum required permissions are `deployment.get` and `deployment.deploys.create`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run `astro deploy` with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token in combination with a [custom Deployment role](customize-deployment-roles.md), the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deployment/get-deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deploy/create-deploy).
```

> To run `astro deploy` with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token in combination with a [custom Deployment role](customize-deployment-roles.md), the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment-deploys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [custom Deployment roles](customize-deployment-roles.md) and Deployment API tokens, the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment-deploys) to run `astro deploy` with the Astro CLI.
```

> To run `astro deploy` with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token in combination with a [custom Deployment role](customize-deployment-roles.md), the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deployment/get-deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deploy/create-deploy).

Reviewer: > minimum required permissions 

this doesn't quite make sense to me, does that mean you can retrieve the min permissions by using those API calls?

> To run `astro deploy` with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token in combination with a [custom Deployment role](customize-deployment-roles.md), the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deployment/get-deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deploy/create-deploy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run `astro deploy` with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token in combination with a [custom Deployment role](customize-deployment-roles.md), the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment-deploys).
```
